By the way, how do you know about Wang Dayou and Sha Niu?
When I sent you to do your math in the morning, I called you once anyway.
Your mother also came at that time, and when they were quarreling,
That's what I heard. My mom knows.
I can't help but use this matter to inform him.
My mother knew that Mr. Wang was a sword-fighter.
Then sell me to him for three hundred thousand.
Every parent is qualified. fine.
here far
Already grown up
is an adult
You can decide your own life
we are married now
Just use me as far as you can
Yesterday your mother came to the store looking for you
what did you say
Say you won't answer her calls
I asked you where you went to work and what you did?
So my Xinguanle address
It was you who took advantage of you, right?
Far sorry
Lailai I wanted to tell you yesterday
As a result, the store was busy
I was so busy that I forgot about everything
My mother also misses your wife Shen Yingying's marriage.